Card Battle Basic Rules:

Both players start with a max of 2 gold and 20 HP. The max gold increases by 1 every turn and they start each turn with their next max gold total.
Tier 1 units cost 2 gold
Tier 2 units cost 4 gold
Tier 3 units cost 6 gold
Tier 4 units cost 8 gold
Tier 5 units cost 10 gold

Units played onto the 3x2 field can not attack on the turn they are played unless they have Rush. 
On all subsequent turns, they can attack.
Attacks happen deterministically in the column that the unit is in. By default, units look to attack the enemy that is in the Front Row.
Next they check the Back Row. Finally, they deal damage equal to their attack directly to the opposing player.

Ranged units ignore the Front Row when deterministically attacking.
Flying units always attack the opposing player unless there is an enemy Flying unit in the column, in which case they target that unit.

When units battle, each one deals their attack value to the health value of the opposing unit.

When a unit is destroyed or defeated in any way, they are put onto the bottom of the player's deck. The deck starts empty at the beginning
of the game. Drawing from the deck costs 3 gold.

Many units have a keyword on them:
Unleash: Do the effect when the unit is summoned.
Flying: Always attacks the opposing player, unless there is an opposing Flying unit in the column. 
Trample: Excess damage dealt when attacking a unit is dealt to the opposing player.
Sneaky: The first time this attacks, it targets the enemy player no matter what.
Rush: Can attack the turn its played. 
Ranged: Ignore the front row when attacking.
Kindred: Do this when the units enter play if another unit shares its tag. Also do this if this unit is in play and a unit with the same tag enters play.
Manacharge: When you use a Blue Unleash ability, do this.
Last Gasp: When the unit is destroyed.
Banish: Remove from the game (does not enter deck)

The AI should have a simple gameplan where it tries to spend all of its gold and play units onto the field. The AI will generally attack any time it controls a unit that can legally attack. 