Champion and Spellbook System

When a player is starting a scenario, they will see a Champion select screen.
Each Champion is a unique card with a unique spellbook.

When a player clicks the Spellbook button, they will see a modal overlay that is essentially a shop of cards for that Champion.

There will be 4 different cards with  different costs and a different number in stock. If the player has enough gold and an open
spot in their hand, they can buy a spell at any time and it will immediately enter their hand.

When a spell runs out of copies in stock, it can no longer be purchased for the rest of the game.

Spells are one-time effects and are not considered units. They will match the color of the Champion.
Possible targeting scopes for spells: 
-Target a friendly unit
-Target an enemy unit
-Target a slot
-Target a row or column
-Apply to all friendly units with a certain type
-Target a friendly unit with a specific type
-Target a random enemy
-Add cards to your hand

When a Spellbook is fully bought out (there are no more copies left of any spells), the button will transform into "Open the Portal"

Pressing Open the Portal will again open a modal overlay that displays their Champion card along with its cost. This will be a typical
unit and can be bought at any time if the player has enough gold. Once the Champion is bought, the button changes to "Portal Closed".

The first two Champions:

RED: 
Godric the Great	8/8	Unleash: Give all of your slots +2/+2.	Human	Cost: 7g
Spells:			Reinforce: Give a slot +2/+2.		Cost: 3. Copies: 2.
			Inspire: Your Humans gain +3/+3.		Cost: 4 Copies: 1.
			Garrison: Add a Squire, Soldier, and Fighter to your hand.		Cost: 5. Copies: 1.
			Light of Justice: Give a slot +5/+10.		Cost: 8. Copies: 1.

BLUE:
Kolus the Wise	2/10	Manacharge: Add a Flame Pillar, Frost Wall, or Thunderbolt to your hand.	Mystic	Cost: 7g
Spells			Flicker: Add a Mana Surge to your hand.		Cost: 1. Copies: 3.
			Flame Pillar: Deal 3 damage to an enemy column. 		Cost: 5. Copies: 1.
			Frozen Wall: Give your Front Row slots +0/+3.		Cost: 5. Copies: 1.
			Thunderbolt: Deal 10 damage to a random enemy.		Cost: 5. Copies: 1.